Conn ID and load balancers (#310)
quicwg/ops-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-manageability.md

Therefore, observing a new connection ID does not necessary indicate a new
connection.

{{?QUIC_LB=I-D.ietf-quic-load-balancers}} specifies algorithms for

> encoding the server mapping in a connection ID in order to share this 

Author: ```suggestion
encoding the server mapping in a connection ID in order to share this
```

information with selected on-path devices such as load balancers. Server

> mappings should only be exposed to selected entities. Uncontrollied exposure
> would allow linkage of multiple IP addresses to the same host if the server
> also supports migration which opens an attack vector on specific servers or
> pools. The best way to obscure an encoding is to appear random to any other
> observers, which is most rigorously achieved with encryption. Even when
> encrypted, a scheme could embed the unencrypted length of the connection ID
> in the connection ID itself, instead of remembering it.

Reviewer: Suggested tweaks to address the advice to network operators who are not also one of the endpoints, which I think is the intended scope here.
```suggestion
mappings should only be exposed to selected entities. Uncontrolled exposure
would allow linkage of multiple IP addresses to the same host if the server
also supports migration which opens an attack vector on specific servers or
pools. The best way to obscure an encoding is to appear random to any other
observers, which is most rigorously achieved with encryption. As a result
any attempt to infer information from specific parts of a connection ID is
unlikely to be useful.
```
